he was an early morning
barely
all right I'm gonna take this little
Chevy Cavalier
it's got 130,000 miles on it we'll test
drive look at that
it starts right up
Company C
it is an automatic
this thing is gonna be listed for only
$1700
it drives very well
sky strong little motor
granted
it's not gonna exactly below
where that up starting on it but it's
great on gas when that Corvette is
fueling up every few miles you're gonna
be laughing there's your little
Cavaliers and plugging away
but yeah this thing actually drives very
well into driving it all morning long
the emissions is done it's got a really
smooth transmission EC $1700
these things lasts forever they're just
workhorses little Cavaliers
so we're looking for kind of a second
car something basic we just turned 16
some it just does want a car payment
this is the car so it's available now
1700 bucks
you drive